{
"decision": "REVISE_PLAN",
"rationale": "The rejection is not caused by a merely local execution gap. The candidate adopts an unauthorized working interpretation, leaves every decisive positive and negative branch unresolved, omits required harness nodes, and contains defects in central intermediate claims. Patching C6, the k=1 case, and the endpoint argument in C12 would still not prove or disprove either quantified question. REWRITE would be unnecessarily destructive because several reductions and countertests remain reusable; the approach families have not been shown exhausted. The cheapest valid recovery is therefore to revise the dependency plan so that semantic resolution is a hard gate, boundary-sensitive reductions are correctly conditioned, and only theorem-producing bottlenecks—not exploratory computations—control access to D1 and GOAL. The reviewed artifact is identified here only as the rejected input. 

Pasted text

",
"broken_node_ids": [
"B0",
"A1",
"A2",
"A3",
"A6",
"A7",
"A4",
"A5",
"B2",
"B6",
"B4",
"B5",
"D1",
"GOAL"
],
"new_constraints": [
"B0 must be resolved before any nondegenerate interpretation is used. No strict-increase, positivity, properness, distinctness, generator-domain, or cube-dimension convention may be introduced merely as a working assumption.",
"If the immutable wording is formally ruled ambiguous, the output must stop with an ambiguity certificate; it must not claim to have answered a repaired proposition.",
"Separate k=1 before defining square gaps, their minimum, their maximum, or the baseline D. All gap-chain equivalences apply only for k>=2.",
"A2 must distinguish the boundary p_i=h_i arising from an edge beginning at 0^2. The condition p_i>h_i is permitted only after an explicit ruling excluding zero as a square vertex.",
"Replace the phrase 'factorizations of W+1 consecutive integers' by the exact assertion that every product h_i p_i lies in one common interval of W+1 consecutive integers; values may be omitted or repeated.",
"A3 must be reproved from its hypotheses. The submitted quotient identity and inequality are invalid as written. Any repaired derivation must explicitly use the correct expression and must still provide the complete transition classification requested by A3.",
"Do not mark A3 complete from a conditional descent-versus-halving lemma alone; plateaus, increases, decreasing triples, and all threshold cases must be classified.",
"A6 requires a replayable finite certificate or a complete human-verifiable recursion. Independent reviewer confirmation may guide repair but cannot substitute for evidence contained in the proof artifact.",
"A7 and B6 are exploratory support nodes, not logical prerequisites for a theorem unless the final proof actually depends on certified exhaustive computation. Either supply exact reproducible harnesses and certificates or remove them from the mandatory dependency chains of A4 and B4.",
"B2 must define Y(S) as the nonnegative integer square root and give a self-contained proof of the mixed finite-difference sign and integrality statements, including the A_S=0 boundary, without an unproved singular-integral import.",
"No lower bound on generator size, divisor count, or curvature magnitude may be treated as a dimension obstruction unless paired with an independent upper bound or a dimension-preserving descent.",
"D1 may be reached only after at least one decisive branch for each required conclusion is complete: A4 or A5 for quasi-progressions, and B4 or B5 for cubes, with C1 used only in its proved direction.",
"Partial results such as the width-one bound, explicit halving examples, congruence compression, curvature growth, and the finite-word implication must be labeled as partial and cannot support a positive proof-confidence claim for GOAL.",
"The revised plan must prioritize one theorem-producing bottleneck at a time: first the semantic gate, then either a scale-independent linked-chain invariant or an explicit fixed-width construction; cube-dimension work should proceed independently unless a completed transfer settles it.",
"No completion or confidence metadata may claim that all nodes are checked while any decisive node, imported theorem hypothesis, boundary case, or written derivation remains unresolved."
]
}